After all, we are also a family
How can you be so vicious?
At that time, you were humiliated and refused to work with my dad
When I want to eat him
Did you ever think I'm not family?
Daming, did our parents tell you?
Take care of our family of three
And you let your daughter go
Kick our nose in the face
Take care of it
Don't worry about Dad Ruolan
I will pay back what they did to me
Village Chief, you are the head of a village
You have to have a bowl of water.
Can't be eccentric
Ruolan, don't worry.
I will do justice for you
Come
Drag Zhao Wanglong and Zhao Daguang down and whip 20
Hey, hey, no need.
Good day.
What are you arguing about?
Principal Wang, why are you here, Tyrannosaurus?
Congratulations, I'm here to congratulate you
You are not just the third runner-up in the Olympic Games
He is the first person to lift weights in our city
Holds a three-year weightlifting record of 360 kilograms
Broken by you
You are now the record for clubs
You are our champion of clubs
Hahahaha, that's right.
Great, son, this is 300,000
Take a little thought from our school
Oops, principal
You mean I broke
Plum Blossom Weightlifting Record
I am the champion of clubs.